ladies and gentlemen
Nader nafisi server and storage software
product managers good afternoon looks
like we had a packed house here today
this is very cool so today we're going
to be talking about out from a desktop
to this is brand-new we just introduced
it last Monday and we've been working
hard on it and it's going to be a great
release so and before I start you know
everybody in their packs they've got the
little arity software so the opposite
side out let us know what you think
again we think this is a one of the best
releases we've done and got a lot of
great features in it and we'll try to
cover some of these features today so
apple remote desktop what's it all about
so basically i think this image captures
the essence of what the product helps
you do this is one of the many labs we
have this happens to be the University
of Tokyo imac lab but again this
probably every educational institution
has something similar to this if you own
a business you might not have all your
computers in one room but they're
probably scattered across the floor or
buildings or across different cities and
again as system administrators or IT
professionals you're trying to manage
these systems you know you need to
configure them you need to provide
remote assistance to users you need to
collect information about what exactly
the configuration of these computers are
and again if you only had one imac we've
made Macintosh is really easy to use and
that's great but if you've got one or
more especially if they're scattered
across a various geographical locations
that quickly becomes a very hard job to
do so that's why we make out from a
desktop it's really help you get the
gets the job done faster more
efficiently less resources etc so alpha
mo desktop to is our second generation
of this product we have over 50 new
features an apple no desktop to
and countless other enhancements again
if you use the old product you start
using this new version you know
everything you do you'll notice no this
is new and this is new and this is no
better so it's a really great product
I've been using it now for a couple of
months now just with the beta testing
and I can't even go back the old version
this is really a great product and we've
we've taken it out for some customers
size 2 is to kind of do some field
testing on it and again the way this
software behaves especially in larger
environments if you've got hundreds
500,000 max just the whole interface the
workflow this product is much better
suited to managing large collections of
Macintosh computers so at a high level
what this product lets you do is it
helps you with software distribution and
offer could either be offering system
updates or just regular application
updates we also have a lot of features
that help you with asset management's by
asset management mean what the
configuration of your computers are as
well as what software you installed on
there it also helps you with remote
administration so again remotely in math
you can target a bunch of computers and
perform various tasks on them and you
can also provide remote assistance to
your end users as well there's a lot of
screen sharing features as you might
have gotten the clue got the big binocs
as if that's what that's for so you can
do some screen sharing with your users
and help them through their tasks and
you know last but not least we also have
a lot of features that really help that
make the product very easy to set up and
if you're trying to add computers for
your management tasks it's a very easy
task so so that's how for remote desktop
to our tagline is desktop management
made easy and hopefully it's not just a
saying that we actually have a lot of
customers that value the product and
there's strong supporter this is a
sample quote from one of our education
customers so what I'm going to do next
is just kind of walk through each one of
these categories of the product I'll try
to keep the slice to minimum because
I've got Michael op lose the syringe
manager for half run with desktop to
actually give you some demos because the
product really you know you could read
about it you
look at the spec sheets but until you
see it in action you know that's when it
starts clicking for you so we'll try to
do a lot of demos to actually show you
how the features work so for easy setup
what's new and ard too is we've again we
examine how the workflow work and we
have what we call network scanners and
these Network scanners assist you in the
task of finding out what computers are
in your network and adding him to your
computer list the four scanners that we
have an 82 one is just a local area
network scanner so whatever computers
are in your local area network will
detect will tell you what version of
they are these are running you know if
they need to be updated or not we also
have a network of drape a network
address range scanner so if you want to
see what computers are across the street
or you know in another town you can also
specify a range of IP addresses that
will go scanning and will discover
computers in that remote location if you
just want to individually add computers
we can also do host look up either by IP
address or DNS names and use of this
version we also have the ability to
import a list of computers whether just
host names or IP names you just have in
a little text file or a spreadsheet
whatever and you can just drag it into
ard will go resolve it and again you can
add it to your computer list the basic
way you manage your computers of you
would organize into computer list and
new in this version is you can have any
number of computer lists we don't have
any limitations anymore as well as in
within each computer list you can have
any number of computers and again
Michael's going to be showing that to
you shortly we also have a brand new set
up assistance so again if you want to
configure all these computers as far as
they are these settings go you can
answer a couple questions and will apply
all these settings to your computers in
math and what's not very cool about this
too is you can actually save that
settings and a little package and you
can put in your key chain drive whatever
so as you go along and you get
additional computers you can just apply
that package than your computer and will
get all the settings that you want for
your organization
and also new to Nara t2 is with whoop
the old version and again in this new
version as well the authentication the
way worked was you had to have a local
account on the UNAC line computers and
you would assign privileges to it and
that's how you would authenticate an
attitude computer list but based on a
lot of feedback we have from our larger
customers that were you know heavily
involved directory services you know
they used it that really liked it they
were asking us you can you make a rd be
a better player if we have directory
services so what we've done now is for
the authentication of the clients again
you can still draw in the local accounts
because some accounts or some customers
really like that but now you can also
specify directory services group so the
authentication and the privileges happen
through that and last not least in the
easy setup category is we have a new
feature called user mode and this was
probably more relevant to folks in the
education side of the house and again
the product is really great for managing
computers and in a classroom typesetting
teachers like a lot of the features we
have in the product but the IP folks
were typically kind of hesitant to allow
a teacher full admin access and the full
power of the product so what we've done
with user mode is an administrator now
can go off and essentially enable or
disable features that they don't want
regular users to be using and when you
log into the computer with a standard
user account which is what most teachers
or nah nike folks have they can still
launch the application but when they try
to do the task as minister didn't want
them to do they'll be grayed out or not
highlighted so with that thank you i'm
going to invite Michael lawsuits against
in your engine manager for desktop
managed solutions and he's going to give
you a quick demo of the basic user
interface of the application and some of
the things I just talked about good
afternoon um so my boss asked me you
came by before this and said what are
you in a demo I'm told I'm demoing
everything want to show you everything
in this product right now and we've got
a set of hardware here that we're
actually going to be using to actually
show you the features of the product so
I call this an aggressive demo because
we've got a lot to do so
apple remote desktop how many out there
is used 12 okay what do you think of any
later fade you like it kind of odd it's
a very familiar interface probably
because it's very similar to iTunes
we've got on the Left we have a list of
we have a list of computer lists create
a couple sample ones here to start it
off then we have scanners the ability
actually fine machines on the network
and then we have saved tasks save tasks
is a whole new metaphor that we put into
this product it's sort of the concept of
any task as we had an entire product but
it was something that you can actually
save information with so a task is all
the compute the task that I want to do
and then all the computers I want to
associate it with and then scheduling as
well so fast or something that are
reusable things you're going to want to
have a lot of times so it gives you
ability to save those whether they're
scheduled or not so i created a WWDC
loft ask here i'm going to show you all
this in a second over here what you're
seeing on the right is just a standard
computer list these are the machine that
we're currently seeing in system these
are the labs machines over here what the
application is that they're currently in
who the current user is whether it's
available what B and C is will explain
and a second and then the bottom is a
test history these are all the tasks
that currently executed against visa
against these machines you can see I've
been very successful I'm running all
these tabs so so this is again any pass
that you've executed whether you beg
secured it explicitly or schedule it
shows up down here so this is your
console this is we're going to be
spending your time managing your
machines so let's talk about a task
really quickly and show you that this is
not actually just a fake setup it's
real so go ahead we'll go ahead and
create a scanner these are the machines
are currently on the network on a
private network here go ahead and going
to select these machines that I want to
create a list from late comers you know
and we're going to create a new list as
make those the native said computer
lists are all over the system you can
create them from just about anywhere
we'll go ahead and create this list for
these machines when i call it WWDC live
okay I've already authenticated to them
but what you can I had not sent a cated
you see access authentication dialog we
provide the admin name and the password
so let's go and select these machines
and our do our first task I'll lock the
screen goes fun so um go ahead and type
to walk now this is a task window you're
going to see in all of the other tasks
they're very similar it captures the
information that's relevant to the task
like lock screen copy items all the
other tasks but also you're going to see
the schedule dialogue so if I want to
schedule this one repeating or at a
certain time you can do that also if I
want to target it against a certain set
of machines I can do that from this
window these buttons are in every single
task that you have let's go ahead and
lock this show you what it looks like a
locked the power it's great anyway so
let's let our users back in go ahead and
unlock those screens will talk about
this other window here so what happened
is when the tap start with the task was
running what you saw was these status
was updating what you're seeing here is
this is sort of a detailed tap progress
view these are all the machines that I
executed the task on and you can see the
status the status varies depending on
which task you're using but the idea
here is you can get a little more
detailed status if you don't want this
window popping up every task that you're
running it is turn it off in preferences
so that's kind of a high-level overview
of the of the interface we created a
scanner let me show you one other type
of scanner that we have maybe you've got
an Excel document or some other document
that you have a list of IP addresses in
we at the other scanner that we have
that we're really fond of is the file
import one what this is actually put it
in there what this is what we do is we
allow you to to randomly any document
you can just drop in here as long as I
have IP addresses Excel document
whatever you want to use you can't pull
it in here let's drag it in and rescan
it and there you go you can use this
list live to actually if you have
something you cut if you have an Excel
document something like that if you want
to edit it you just rescan it and it'll
show back up with your edited document
so you're editing computer list in there
as well so so client settings once we're
talking about easy setup now that we've
got our admins now that we've annotate
them that we've got a list let's go
ahead and actually do something these
machines what I'm going to do is I'm
going to actually set them client
settings this is basically setting
preference
against these clients i'll actually want
to do something so you going to see this
sort of this assistant here what i'm
going to do here then let's specify what
properties but preferences that want to
be associated with all of these clients
I'm kind of blaze through this so I'm
going to leave the startup preference
going to leave it enabled I'm going to
leave the menu extra up on the top of
the screen I'm not going to create any
users right now because that would take
a little time but I could create new
users at this point I could if I want to
do directory authorization I'm the
ability to set that in here if I want to
specify I privileges for the local users
I can do that as well I can do a feature
that weren't actually going to not going
to demo we can set the request
permission this is a guest access
feature so again this is for the
educational set up if you want to say
listen I occasionally want help but I
don't want this admin to have access you
can have it so you can check it and then
with someone your admin says well you're
in trouble I need to help you you
actually get prompted and say yes no I
can you can observe my screen no no you
can't so guess tax is a really popular
future as you probably heard already
we've rewritten our screen sharing in B
and C VNC is the virtual network
computer protocol we've been a clean
loop implementation so that any being
seems you can use any VNC viewer with
apple remote desktop as well will show
that in a second when we actually
observe and control a PC as well as a
mac and just first we're actually doing
something in this client setup task demo
we'll go ahead and set that right there
okay that's going to again you want to
save it you want to run it to want to
schedule what's going to run it takes a
second they get going you'll see this
one is a little bit more a little more
data you can if you've got a really long
task a big report or something this is
great gives you a little progress
closing what each computer is doing as
its installing the package applying the
settings restarting everything and then
it's done more success knock on wood all
right
so again this is just a little bit of
the stuff that you can do with setting
up a client I encourage you to take a
look at the product and later if we're
easy setup thank you yeah so that's our
brand new interface and again as you use
it you'll see how really nice it is and
as far as the workflow of admins going
that whole task history being able to
save task the whole computer list
generation it's just so much nicer than
the old product so I really like the new
interface alright so next is software
distribution again this is a many other
kind of feature clusters that Apple my
desktop can help you with and software
distribution try to distill down the
task into a graphical image here
basically is haskers you got a pile of
software and you need to install it on
your client computers and you know how
would you do that you walk around each
computer of a CD or a little firewire
drive or do you want to be more smart
about it and so this is where applet
asked top can help you and it could be
for offering system upgrades for
offering system installs we've got some
integration of necklace and servers to
help you to actually kick off the
network install process you can also do
it for application software as well so
keynote or drag and drop applications
and pretty much any application out
there that supports the dot PKG MPEG
format that Apple has we can install for
you as well and it's all done in a very
you know unattended fashion so it's very
transparent to the end users so so
basically the software installation
features aplin what desktop to can be if
their package format software again as a
PKG om PKG format we can just take that
package copied out to all the climb
machines and then behind the scenes no
no end user intervention required nobody
has to go answering any questions we
will install the software for you if the
software requires a restart you'll see
we have some features on the remote
admin section where we can roll erie
start the computers as well on a mac
platform there's a lot of application
or a drag-and-drop you basically have a
folder that has all the files you need
and you just need to drag it into your
Applications folder so for those types
of applications we also have a file copy
command that you can just add a bunch of
files and folders and will copy it out
to a remote location what's cool about
the package format is if you have the
Xcode CD which is comes with every copy
of mac OS 10 there's a utility program
called package maker and you can use
package maker to create your own custom
packages as well so whether you have
some custom application your
organization's written or if you just
want to bundle a couple of different
files that need to be installed in
different locations you can create your
own packet and use that one with desktop
to distribute and install it and again
this this whole software distribution is
a task that's just like any other tasks
you can schedule it you can save it so
it inherits all the functionality that
it's the whole task in Apple no desktop
too so with that I'm going to ask
Michael to come up and do a couple demos
for you me again all right so um talked
about easy setup we're going to do
software distribution now is native said
there's a lot of ways to get bits down a
machine bit ard maybe you have a package
that you want to copy maybe have some
other way there's a lot of different
ways going to show you guys a couple of
ways we can do stuff a feature that we
put into 12 was the install package
feature and it's still there it's got
the all new task work that we put into
the product I'm just go ahead and grab a
package just a small packages it's going
to go ahead and it's going to close that
will go ahead and install it to these
eight machines again what you're going
to see there's task progress chugging
away go ahead copies it down and it goes
and this invokes installer on their
client machines it gives me some
information about what's going on all
done success so that's installing a
package that was pretty quick but what
other packages do you have lots of them
they're always going to need you this is
a really easy way to push these packages
out to lots of clients again we have
eight machines here this is going to
work with 50 this is going to work for a
hundred so it's a real big time saver
okay so um let's do let's say we don't
want to do a package you have another
way that people like a copy stuff around
is the copy items so similar install
package
that is copying up set of bits over the
machine but what we're doing here is
we're just copying files or files and if
what we're going to do we do is give the
ability to copy the same relative
locations or a bunch of other locations
as well application folders current user
login machined desktop folder home
directory whatever you want to do here
the other thing will do i'm going to
show these in a little bit later is you
can actually invoke whatever the
document or saying that you're copying
is after it's done so you can actually
say copy a word document have word come
up as well so I'm just going to pull for
this pony's lock screen picture down
here we're going to put this into the
preferences folder and we're going to
copy it okay copy success again when is
something going that would go wrong all
right so just to show you what happened
let's go ahead and actually use task
progress here for a second task is Reese
re so lock screen this is the TAS we ran
a while ago just to show you we can do
with this task history window let's go
ahead and click on this guy here Oh yep
that's right everything worked pretty
well I'm go ahead to duplicate this task
what I just did here I say said listen
this task is done but I want to
duplicate I want to be on or do the same
thing to it so lock again go ahead close
this and lock the screen copy down a
different image lock screen now to use
that and we also showed up using a
reusing a task what's down here is a lot
of information and task history it's a
lot of stuff that you're going to want
to use again and again so those are a
couple quick ways to get bitched down to
the computer okay top the item we have
the general consul of soft distribution
but you can also use it to push out a
lot of configuration files with Mac os10
a lot of the application just driven by
configuration files but I just the mere
fact of copping out a plist to the right
directory you can pretty much
reconfigure a bunch of applications on
the road computers or what we also do is
a lot of the actual services they're out
there like the printing services you can
just push out for instance the cups d
config files out to the client computers
and you can enable computers with
disabled computers for for computers so
again a really powerful feature of the
so the next category is asset management
again imagine if you will you've got a
sea of computers out there and you need
your boss told you you know Tigers
coming out and I need to understand you
know we ready for it or how much budget
should i allocate for memory or you know
which computers do i need to retire and
get new computers and you can imagine if
you will you have to go to each computer
and you know do up spring up system
profiler and you know jot down what
those various configuration things are
and put it into spreadsheet so we can
kind of cut through all that stuff
without from a desktop and just go some
same computer list that you use for the
streaming software you can select those
computer list and you can perform any
number of software or hardware reports
on these computers and we can give you
you know direct from the source
information on what the configuration of
those computers are again both from a
hardware and software perspective so the
reporting functionality Apple my desktop
again has been totally overhauled it's a
lot more comprehensive now we've added
seven new different hardware reports
types the amounts of information we're
collecting now is orders of magnitude
larger than the old version just to give
you an example of ard 12 its system
information report collected maybe at
most 30 attributes our new system
overview report which is the placement
of that old report now gives you over a
hundred and collectively there's over
200 different attributes and if you want
the full list you can go to the website
because I can't I don't have it all
memorized but so again a lot more
flexibility and the way you report as
well what we're doing now is we're
actually caching this information we
have a built-in sequel database in the
product so as we collect this
information will will store in our
sequel database and you know if you know
that the configuration hasn't changed
you can save yourself the time of
actually going out and touching the
clients you can just talk to the local
database or you can force a refresh of
that data as well so a lot more
flexibility and again reporting is a
task just like all the other tasks we
have so you can schedule these reports
to happen on a given frequency or at a
future date as well
so this is a list of all the reports
that we have and again brand-new and
this new version are like pci card
reports or my favorites is a memory
report now because in the past we could
report to you how much memory you had
but again if you're trying to plan out
you know your memory purchases you need
to know if the computer has 256 megs is
that 2 128 next six or is that just one
256 next six so we can give you down
right now so again very detailed level
information the storage reports again
lots of information about your hard
drive so again encourage you guys to
check it out so we've also added a more
current what I call an advanced
reporting a system so because what we're
seeing out there is notebook computers
are increased when you becoming more
popular and I think in education for
instance all these one-to-one
initiatives that we have it's changed
the mix now so I think roughly fifty
percent of the computers that we sell
into education our notebooks and one of
the challenges we had with the old
version of the product was that again
notebook by definition means somebody
could be have the lid down it could be
asleep or they could have taken at home
and so it's not on your network so how
do you figure out what the configuration
of that notebook computer is so to
address this need we have a new model
for zone reporting and the way it works
basically is you dedicate a machine on
your network that you always know it's
going to be up and running because the
admin computers could follow the admin
you know he or she might take it home
it's not always going to be on a network
but you can designate it a computer an
excerpt will be an excellent platform to
do that on and you would install a promo
desktop on it so you need to have a
separate license for that xserve or your
server that you've dedicated for this
task and then what you can do is you can
set the client setting so there's a menu
option a form of desktop to we can
specify the client reporting policies as
to how often it should report its
information so you can configure that
again centrally you don't have to go
touching every computer you can do that
from the arity console and then what you
do is on the admin side you you specify
there's a preference
adding that you can have the admin talk
to the xserve databases post looking at
its own local database so essentially
now you get a complete loop here where
the clients are spending their
information up to the xserve and the
admin when they're looking at
information about all the client
computers they're looking at the ex
serve as well now so if the admin is
offline the clients have a source to
report their information to and if the
clients are offline the admin can still
look at the last known state of those
client computers so again we think this
is a great solution for all those
notebooks out there that you want to
still keep track of and to demonstrate
some more of these things i'm going to
ask Michael come back up again reporting
so what we've done so far as we pushed a
lot of bits out not only get those bits
back well I know what kind of you know
deployment that we have so when I run
through a couple of reports right now
what I'm the first going to do is just
quickly talk about this kind of
designated offline reporting collector
that NATO just mentioned where you look
at when you go into preferences here
what you can do is this is my a dream
machine you can actually specify
different machine that you could
actually pull the data from so the two
that the other part you'd have to do
after that if you set this is actually
go to your client settings manage those
and you set the reporting policy again a
task schedule configurable whatever you
want to do you can tell them how often
you all you clients out there half and
should I be blasting my data there's
other machines so this is again as nadir
said it's a great thing for mobile
computing when you don't know whether
the network's there or where the
computers there or not so reports
current application still locked let's
unlock that unlock success again all
right so first of them let's just go do
it one of the more popular reports
system overview what you're seeing here
is all the different data that I can
collect for this I'm not gonna go in all
the details go ahead and get this report
all right that was pretty fast so let's
talk about what's going on there really
quick if you're familiar with one to the
reports kind of a real time when you saw
they were almost instantaneous response
the reason is it was cast I was pulling
it from caption information so it's nice
and speedy
doing it the first time you take a
little bit longer because all the
clients would be basically building up
their cash is the first time so the
first time you do this you go wow this
ass is Michael to demo that's what's
going on ok so the memory report which
people really like so I'm very similar
I'm can specify slide identifiers module
size all the detailed information that
you want go ahead pretty gosh darn fast
again so let's go and take a quick look
at this there's all the detail that you
need it's very very comprehensive memory
port while we're here I just want to
point out we also have the ability to
print this information if you want to
export it all the reports of the ability
to explore all this information as well
all right okay so let's get a little
just a little bit more here let's try
another report this to a software
version hypothetical situation new
version of Safari is that out I want to
know who's got it and who doesn't so I'm
going to go ahead these are all the
actual applications that i have in my
admin machine i'm saying okay we're
safari still Flint's off right here my
till go ahead and say okay compare this
the version that i have here to all
those machines out there speedy and fast
all right so as it turns out since these
are all cloned from a net install server
they're all have the same version but
hypothetically were with me for a second
here remember we said earlier about
computer lists they're everywhere on the
system so let's say these first time
machines that i have here have a pod
version of safari the version i want
don't know what we did the very
beginning those demos we created a
computer list a computer list is really
a simple thing it's just a list of
computers but what I've done here in the
software version report is I've got some
information and the information is this
is what's the conversion safari on the
machine and these five machines have
something I want to follow up on but I'm
not going to do it right now because
I've got a lot of people here and other
other things to do so we'll go ahead and
create a list here again what it did was
took the main window and it created a
list that okay great from those machines
and these are old Safari home and I'll
go made a little note to myself and I
can go back later and I can actually
take a look at that and got my machines
right these lists are very powerful
you'll find yourself you start to use
airg a lot be dumping things in all time
so I'm can talk about post enough for
your so
alright so that's not it also all the
ones I wanted to show you later okay
thank you and so we actually have
another session at this year's wwc it's
friday at three o'clock i beliefs and
it's in north beach and we've got the
three superstars Tony grams d payment
and Mike Bombeck that are going to be
talking about how you can extend some of
the teachers we have any rd as i
mentioned all are reporting out in
sequel database so Mike and Tony are
going to be showing you some
applications they built right on top
interacting the sequel database and just
as a example of what you guys can do to
with your data as you start using this
product so I just want to plug that
session there as well alright so the
next category is remote administration
and again arity has a ton of products or
excuse me of features that that help you
remotely administer it and was trying to
figure out how the best way we could
capture this and we had our graphic arts
person take a little remote control and
put those little commands on instead of
the numerical buttons but that's
essentially how ard works is you
essentially you have this all-powerful
remote control that just by clicking on
a couple of buttons you can influence a
lot of computers and you've already seen
some of the things that Michaels done by
you know locking screens by just a
couple clicks these are very powerful
and again on as you're doing your day to
day duties you might have an e to
remotely we start all the computers or
foot computers of sleep or empty the
trash files so this is a great
capability that product has and this is
a complete list of all the difference
admin commands you can perform on the
computers and again you can select one
or more these are all tasks and the ARD
to nomenclatures that we have now so
these can all be scheduled they could be
all saved and so you can just add the
additional dimension of power to these
management verbs and one new feature
that we've added here is the sin unix
command
this is my favorite command and I think
as more and more people start using it
it's going to grow even more popular and
again to plug the Friday session Steve
Heymann who's like The Wizard of unix
scripting and stuff he's actually going
to use this to help you build your own
little software update server so i know
we have one coming on tiger server but
you could use a rd today to kind of whip
up something yourself so sure to catch
that but what the same unix command does
is lets you type in either just the one
line command or whole sequence of
commands and it will go off and dispatch
it and have all your client computers
simultaneously execute that command and
the results are displayed back on the
console and give their successful
they're successful if there's any
failures errors you would see that what
we've also done again Matt Preston has a
ton of command line utilities but what
we've done to even further that is there
are two command line tools that we're
including with ard software when it's
called network setup and the other ones
whole system setup and you might
recognize those names because those are
actually command line utilities the mac
west end server started including with
cancer and these new command line
utilities essentially can set the system
preferences from a command line from you
it for your network for energy saver as
well as date and time so again being
able to remotely set essentially the
time zone for all your computers I think
that's just really really powerful and
again all these Unix commands can be
scheduled so just to give you a sense of
how powerful these commands are just
these two commands I remind all the
other command line utilities you have
and the eunuch space so these are all
the different options you can get the
network setup right so there's this and
then there's that this and that and a
little do that so that was network setup
so I go back is already cashed up and
this assistant set up a little bit less
powerful but still pretty good so I'm
going to ask Michael against come up and
show some of these remote admin commands
send unix is cool it's really cool I'm
going to show it to you in a second so
make a good way to explain it is to take
a look at all the things that arity
currently does there's a lot of tasks
there I'm not going to go over all of
these but the point is with sent unix is
when you're stuck with these if there's
something that send you that the air he
doesn't do send unix probably does it's
got a lot of flexibility available to
them so what we are talking about the
moment administration so the first thing
i want to do is I'm actually going to
show when I start using these machines a
little bit more a little more visual and
we're getting into probably what Evan
wants to see which is the multi observe
which is always a very dimmable feature
so um we'll go ahead and we're going to
do a open application here hope an
application again we're getting into
more things that are interacting with
the machine it gives you the ability to
open an application all machines you can
do this with send unix if you wanted to
so we'll go ahead just open up address
book and you go more success sup and
just looks open now I want to do is we
want to close the application let's go
ahead and select the close application
command there is no so what were they
thinking cars so what there is is there
send unix okay so what we have here is
where do i use a command called kill all
kill all goes as any process with this
name we're going to kill it so kill all
address book go ahead and send it gone
I have no idea what you guys are going
to do with this command but I'm excited
because it's really cool okay so let's
do another one we're go ahead and use
one of the subnetwork up set up command
let's say we want to get the mac address
for from these machines will go ahead
and do a network setup get mac address
oh right on collaborative demo get mac
address & 0 is that right okay let's try
this okay we go ahead o command not
recognized you typed it wrong we got to
do it again network setup god this guy
work set up get mac address en 0 if this
doesn't work you know you can do it an
era tea without using sign unix so we'll
try it that way there we go thank you
thank you very much i can type i can
type alright so you can also just do get
info on the machine here's your
well you know I thought I'd make it hard
because I'm an engineer all right so in
preparation for the next set i'm
actually going to do one other thing
which is another powerful kind of akin
and a powerful feature kind of akin to
send unix what we're going to do is
going to do a copy items what I'm going
to copy down is I'm gonna copy down an
apple script and what the Apple script
is going to do is it's going to start
doing things so this machine is going to
be opening Safari it's basically
simulate simulating a user activity but
it doesn't matter what Apple script
you're going to write you can actually
do it you can use a copy items to go
ahead and copy it and execute it so
we'll go ahead and we're going to go and
copy why am I doing this weekend of
screw this we're going to open up our
air d assets folder and we're going to
copy the script we're going to put it
and be home directly and we can go ahead
and open it and what you're going to see
here is its charlie it's already there
so it's saying wait wait wait you want
to blow it away of course I do all right
so there it goes machines started going
again it's it just for our multi observe
demo in a second but the point is is
that any apple script you want to copy
down you can get the same way just like
send unix so that's it for a remote
administration maybe thank you I knew
Michael is going to jinx it by keep
saying success with Seth and he was
going to fail sooner or later but that's
actually cool you can actually see that
task do fails every now and then all
right so we last not least there's a
remote assistance and again this is
probably so the feature said that most
people might identify the product with
but we just want to show you there's so
much more to this product mean just the
screen sharing but the screen sharing
nevertheless is is very cool because
it's probably the most visual part of it
and as Michael said you know we've
adopted the VNC protocol for this new
version you know Mac OS 10 fold out open
standards so whenever there's a standard
or open source projects we can use which
adds value we will do that so we've
adopted VNC and we use VNC for our
screen sharing sample scenario is again
maybe in a training class room with its
corporate or an education you want to
keep an eye on what students are doing
again the computer list will show you
what application is running
it's not very visual so if you're doing
a project you want to make sure
everybody's in the same step very
quickly and visually you can see what's
going on and this is the new multi
observe window here that you can see
actually showing little thumbnail size
images of the screen on the actual
client computers so promote assistance
we said we've adopted the VNC protocol
we've actually enhanced it because I
mean the DNC is a great protocol in
solution but I think there's two things
that people typically associate with it
one is that it's slow and I think
Michael will just demoed ass will put
that to rest we'll pay them some of the
optimizations we've done and the other
thing is security of VNC as natively
operates is somewhat insecure in the
sense that it transmits passwords in
clear text that we trying to
authenticate against the client and
that's a no-no right so what we've done
there is we actually are using the ARD
communications channel to provide you
with secure way to authenticate against
those remote computers as well any any
control event you're typing or any Mouse
points all that is encrypted using a ESN
and 20 bit encryption as well again is
something VNC out of the box doesn't do
you have to set up you know SSH tunnels
and a lot kind of stuff we've made that
easy for you as well so so that's the
VNC and you can individually take
control of systems you can observe them
because we're using the VNC protocol now
if you happen to have VNC server
software running on a PC running Windows
or Linux or you have a solaris box it's
got VNC on it now you can control
observe that computer straight from the
arity console as well and similarly now
because we have the VNC server software
built into the clients are they are d if
you have it enabled for outside access
if you have a VNC viewer installed on
the pc and now control a Mac so so this
is one of the little byproducts we got
from adopting an open standard so so far
the reception's been really good so one
of the unique things with ard does is it
lets you view multiple
means simultaneously with the old
version it was fixed that only four
swings at a time and the size is also
fixed as well so if you wanted to see
bigger versions of it or smaller
versions of it you really couldn't so
again Michael little show this to you
shortly but our new multi observe window
is ultimately more dynamic and flexible
allowing you to see up to 50 screens at
a time we only have eight computers here
but you know if you actually go back to
your companies organizations you'll be
able to try out for yourself and really
what this is very useful for is just
again providing an end user assistance
and a help desk typesetting instead of
waving your hands over the phone saying
no move your mouse this way moving Ross
that way you can remotely you know
control that screen and show the user
how it's being done or better yet you
can actually send your screen so you can
share your screen to one or more mac
computers out there and so they can
follow along and see exactly what you're
doing so again this is very popular in
education or even in a corporate type
training lab and we also have some text
messaging features as part of the
product as well so you can send out
broadcast text messages to all your
users and we also have a one-to-one
computer computer text chat so I get
this question a lot you know why do you
still have this with ichat well our
computer computer text chat doesn't
require any account and it's strictly
computer computer so it's still pretty
handy you don't have to worry about
whether ichat installed or in or is
working and actually a lot of places
they turn off ichat because they don't
want people going outside their you know
their corporate firewalls and whatnots
again this is a nice way you can still
be able to do the chatting with end
users so I'm going to Michael come back
and show you all the cool stuff all the
cool stuff if you want to see fifty
machines being observed come to my demo
9am on thursday we're going to do it
there right now we're going to do it
with nine machine okay so multi observe
as nadir said this is what you all
probably used to with ard
for machine that's it but uh at all
let's go a little bit bigger all right
here we are eighth it bug machine
sitting here going head what do you want
to do to these you want to make them
bigger you want to make them smaller you
don't want eight machines you want less
okay that's great you want to see the
next one go ahead go back yeah we had to
do it what you're seeing here is the
timer is actually going right now I'd
actually click there what we have here
is this timer and i'll talk about each
of these controls it's going rather fast
what we going to we see at the time if
you just want to look at a lot of
machines and you want but you want to go
ahead and cycle through them you can set
the adjust the time there you can just
name out of machines there so as nadir
said you go up to 50 and that's a pretty
cool demo you can adjust the time you
can actually just turn it off completely
and what you're seeing is we're on the
last one is a quality codec what we're
doing here is we're looking at it in
thousands we can also go to millions
which is a bandwidth hog you can go down
to grayscale or you can even go down to
something that looks like an old version
of the OS so the idea here is that if
you're in a bandwidth constrained
situation you want to use a little less
band what you want go down to grayscale
this is a lot less bandwidth for this
sort of things will go back up a
thousand okay so the other thing that's
much more improved than 12 is the
ability to it's not modal if you want to
just go I want to get this guy over here
make him small and then I want to go
ahead and observe this guy here he's
pretty big he's having some problems
there oh I want this guy to okay what's
missed it my Joey open haha doing the
right thing go ahead and open up another
one how many of these do you want to
open just go ahead it's very flexible
you can have as many of these open as
you want and what we're looking at right
now is we're looking at observe the
other thing you can do the other thing
before this river this is also a
computer list computerless everywhere
let's go ahead and lock the screen from
here again let's do it all the top there
you go
some of the sleep from it's not happy
something had to break so there you go
ahead and we can go ahead and unlock it
and we'll go ahead and unlock those
again and come back so the other thing
is you can actually control these
machines you can't multi control because
that would be very hard so far maybe and
then so we'll go ahead and bring in a
observe window I can't really do
anything to this window right now but if
you go ahead and you click on control
you've got control let's go ahead and
move it around drag about the other
things we have up here I've also got the
script running some kind of fighting
with it the other thing we have in here
is the ability to share the mouse
control with the cursor I mean the
cursor with the user so right now I'm
sharing it but I click it off if
someone's want there it's something
about the machine and they can no longer
access it the other thing that we can do
in here is this is kind of big so let's
do this and make it a little smaller for
us but now I want to move around a
little bit so we got a panning mode as
well go ahead and move it all around and
do what you need to do they're so
different screen resolutions however you
want to do it it's a very very flexible
part of the application and again you
have the codec change if you need it
here as well the last one is if you
wanna take a screenshot subscribe to
click it throw it on the desktop give it
a name so if you want to grab something
as well you can do it from there so
that's multi observe the other part
thank you
what's going on it okay anyway unlike
that yeah yeah yeah okay go okay so
let's go ahead and get rid of this so
the other side of multi observe is
actually send screen now the sunscreen
is for more of the institutional
environment when I got something on this
screen that I want you guys to see when
I don't have this big huge projector
behind me so what's 10 screen is it
actually sends the screens down to all
the machines so what we're going to go
ahead and do is going to go ahead and
select the task stem screen quickly on
this screen right now when we do is I'm
going to send the screen on this machine
you'll see if I can sure another screen
as well what I can do with AR DS i can
actually broker an agreement and say you
are you the screen here to all these
other screens so you can actually set
that up if you've got some sort of
complex set up that you want to do but
we're just going to use the admin one
right now you go ahead and do it there
you go then screen here oh thank you
obviously if you have multiple going on
you can sit here and stop them you'll
probably notice the task progress right
now still going why is it going it's
going because the sunscreen task is
still going right this is to confuse
some people so go ahead and stop it and
there you done so what everyone else was
probably wondering about is it's being
see right so there's other computers you
can you can look at let's go ahead and
take a look at this one here telly tubby
land anyway um no it's so um
so we haven't you have an XP machine is
here as well we're running to be on
speaker VNC server on it and we have
control over it just locally here to
everything else so if you have PC to get
up legs desktops go ahead and use it
you'll see it's the same control you
can't don't have all the other tasks
against it it's just the multi observe
and the control and multi observe and
just to show you if you can go ahead and
click that machine there a little bit
slower you can scout and see it's just
like any other machine that you have
right so the assets you have pcs out
there obviously your asset you need to
be get to those you now have the ability
to do that via this console we think
that's a big win for this application
and with that I think that's all we're
going to demo but it's going to go ahead
and restart all the machines with our
last task will go ahead and manage and
restore them and that's it so easy to
restarting I wanted to a plug another
session that we have a desktop
management technologies they are cranky
about something not being saved it's on
Thursday at 9am we're going to have a or
D a little bit more a or D devil with a
little more cowbell in it we're going to
have we're going to have managed mobile
home directory software update server if
you're interested in managing desktops
9am and Russian Hill will be going over
that and that's all I got
see so that's our new screen sharing and
again it was implicit Michael didn't
really highlight it but I think the
performance is very good too i mean as
those screens were updating you can see
that the multi observe and again that's
something we didn't have whoops the old
product at least it wasn't staff so
there you go Alf remote desktop desktop
management it easy and i know everybody
in the room here got a copy but just
when you go back home and you want to
tell your friends and relatives and
colleagues so they should buy copy as
well that's our pricing model we license
it / admin so every administrator to
have their own copy and we have a small
office home office version of this which
is called a tank client version with
that version your computer list that
master computer list can only have 10
computers you try to add 11 computer
we're not gonna let you do it so the by
and large most of their larger customers
get the unlimited client version you can
add as many computers we want create as
many computer list we want and so for
additional information you can contact
me skip Levin's who also maybe some in
the room here he's our technology
manager and you're a developer you can
also contact him and this is a link to
all our documentation again you have the
documentation your CDs if you want to go
you can go visit our website as we also
plug the admin guide for arity to the
old admin guide used to be like 30 pages
a little handbook essentially the new
version is over 100 pages so again hats
off to our docs person for doing great
job on the new area to adam guide